---
description: We sometimes use novel vocabulary to describe certain aspects of our system.
---

# 🗣 Notable Vocabulary

<table><thead><tr><th width="183.5">Term</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>Mimicry Protocol</strong></td><td>A collection of smart contracts that govern the mechanics of a decentralized prediction game.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>$MIMIC</strong></td><td>The native utility token for the Mimicry Protocol.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Players</strong></td><td>The core participants in the Mimicry ecosystem; Directors, Actors, Producers, Balancers, and Crew.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Directors</strong></td><td>The players who create and maintain Pantomime markets.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Actors</strong></td><td>The traders who open long and short positions within Pantomime markets.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Producers</strong></td><td>The players who provide liquidity to both sides of Pantomime markets.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Balancers</strong></td><td>The players who maintain software that automatically calls smart contract functions to keep the system healthy.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Crew</strong></td><td>The contributors who are building Mimicry.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Mimicry Marketplace</strong></td><td>The GUI where players interact with the Mimicry Protocol.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Pantomime</strong></td><td>A synthetic prediction market that uses on-chain oracle price feeds to mimic external price movement of other markets; also refers to a theatrical story told by a silent mime.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Mime</strong></td><td>An NFT that represents right to a portion of the collateral locked into a Pantomime; a position; also refers to the word that describes an actor in a pantomime.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Bulls</strong></td><td>Actors who think the reference price of a Pantomime is going up in the future; bulls take long positions.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Bears</strong></td><td>Actors who think the reference price of a Pantomime is going down in the future; bears take short positions.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Skew</strong></td><td>The difference in the amount of deposited capital, in USD terms, between bullish and bearish Actors within a Pantomime market.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>True Odds</strong></td><td>A measure that predicts how much a deposit will grow each time a Pantomime’s reference-price doubles.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Rebalancing Event</strong></td><td>A smart contract function call that Balancers use to rebalance a Producer’s capital between two sides of a Pantomime in order to match the True Odds of that market.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Value Transfer Event</strong></td><td>A smart contract function call that captures losses and distributes profits within a Pantomime.</td></tr></tbody></table>
